News in 1.1.5 from 1.1.4
	
	Fixed compilation warning due to recently deprecated struct (gcc 4.2)
	IPv6 support is now enabled by default. Override with --disable-ipv6

News in 1.1.4 from 1.1.3
	
	Two new init scripts in the contrib/ dir, thanks to Klaus-J and 
	anonymous guy

News in 1.1.3 from 1.1.1

	The -err and -err6 options added. These options displays the 
	contents of the error log (set by the errfile setting in the 
	configuration file, or at command line with the -errfile option).
	Much like the -log option. Basically -err and -err6 is cat ~/.icpld/errors
	but much... *much* cooler.

News in 1.1.1 from 1.1.0

	Due to popular demand, this version introduces the 
	-errfile and -errfile6 options.
	These arguments can be used to set the file to which icpld
	will write the output of any failing ping sequence. Good 
	for network debugging I suppose.
	It also introduces the -iface switch, which allows you to 
	specify which network interface or (on some platforms, linux 
	included) source address to use for the checking.
 
News in 1.1.0 from 1.0.9
	
	This version introduces the -detach option, which will
	send SIGUSR1 to an icpld process which is running in the 
	foreground (-nd), upon which it will detach itself and 
	daemonize
	
News in 1.0.9 from 1.0.8

	Version 1.0.8 was released, but never announced,
	as a quick fix for MacOSX users, this is a brushed up
	version of that quick fix.

	This release also fixes the discomfort of having to 
	fake a ping6 binary for solaris users. This tanks to
	a rewrite of parts of configure.in (Thanks to Hans Ulrich Niedermann)
 
News in 1.0.8 from 1.0.6
	
	MacOSX is back as a supported platform!
	
News in 1.0.6 from 1.0.5

	No news, only polishing and bug fixing.	


News in 1.0.5 from 1.0.0
	
	The -turn function has been tuned a notch. It now mimics the
	well known logrotate behaviour and renames the log file to 
	log.0, log.1 etc, ie. it does not overwrite the previously 
	turned log anymore

News in 1.0.0 from 0.6.3
	
	icpld -quit now removes the pid-file, even if there
	is no process running (ie. the box has crashed)

	It works with Solaris again. See ChangeLog for more
	details on this	

	Apart from that, some final cleaning, icpld is
	now to be considered stable.

News in 0.6.3 from 0.6.1
	
	When issuing icpld -log, the result is the same as if 
	you piped the output through 'more'. This can however, be overridden
	with the -m switch, which gives the old behaviour. 
	
	This version also introduces the cmd4up and cmd4dn (and IPv6
	equivalent), which is user defined commands that will be executed
	when a connection goes up or down. These options may only be set
	using the configuration file. See icpld.conf.sample or manpage for
	further information on these variables

	As of this version, icpld also fully supports MacOS X

News in 0.6.1 from 0.6.0
	
	This release fixes a few small, mostly cosmetic
	related bugs, which has had virtually no impact what
	so ever on the user. There has also been some code
	clean ups and rewrites done in this release. Mainly
	this release can be seen as a fixup for the small,
	yet there, "bugs" introduced with the IPv6 implementation
	
	The main issue for this release is the timing bug with IPv6
	and the compilation error under Solaris.

News in 0.6.0 from 0.5.4
	
	IPv6-support. Configure icpld with the --enable-ip6
	flag and see manpage for further info

	The -s flag is also available in connection with -quit
	In other words, icpld can now exit silently as well
	
	Automated detection of system platform

	As of this release, icpld also accepts hosts, not just ip
	addresses. However, you should bear in mind that a failure
	in resolving the hostname will be considered a lost link

News in 0.5.2 from 0.4.5 (No news in 0.5.0)
	
	Added the -s flag which stands for silent, which is particulary
	handy when you want to suppress output when starting from the
	startup-script.
	
	As from 0.5.0, icpld is also available as a FreeBSD port. 
	See /usr/ports/net/icpld.

News in 0.4.5 from 0.4.0

	This release is merely a bugfix (more than needed), and 
	does not implement any new features but the -pint option.	
	The code is severely cleaned up and reorganized and does
	no longer give the impression of an outgrown "hello world"-program.

So, what's new then?
	Less bugs? See ChangeLog for further info on this.
	Updated manpage
